# Table Data Selector

## Overview

Table Data Selector is a Chrome extension designed to enhance your browsing experience by enabling you to quickly and easily copy the contents of HTML tables. With a simple right-click, you can select and copy the entire data of a table to your clipboard, making data extraction more efficient and user-friendly.

## Features

- **Context Menu Integration**: Adds a "Select Table Data B" option to your right-click context menu.
- **Intuitive Use**: Automatically selects and copies the data from the nearest table where you right-click.
- **Clipboard Integration**: Uses the modern Clipboard API for reliable and efficient text copying.
- **Developer Friendly**: Provides console logs for debugging and insights into the extension's process.

## Installation

To install the Table Data Selector extension in Google Chrome, follow these steps:

1. **Clone or Download the Repository**
    - If you have `git` installed, you can clone the repository using:
      ```
      git clone https://github.com/gbti-labs/chrome-extension-copy-table-data
      ```
    - Alternatively, download the ZIP file of the repository and extract it on your computer.

2. **Open Google Chrome**
    - Launch your Google Chrome browser.

3. **Access Extension Settings**
    - In Chrome, navigate to `chrome://extensions/` by typing this into the address bar.

4. **Enable Developer Mode**
    - On the top right corner of the Extensions page, toggle the "Developer mode" to enable it.

5. **Load the Unpacked Extension**
    - Click on the "Load unpacked" button which appears after enabling Developer mode.
    - Navigate to the directory where you cloned or extracted the extension.
    - Select the extension's folder (the folder containing the `manifest.json` file) to load it into Chrome.

6. **Extension is Ready to Use**
    - After loading, the Table Data Selector extension will appear in the list of extensions and is ready for use.

## Usage

To use the extension:

- Navigate to any webpage containing an HTML table.
- Right-click on or near the table you wish to copy.
- Choose "Select Table Data" from the context menu.
- The data from the nearest table will be copied to your clipboard.
- To view the copied data, paste it into a text editor or any other application.

## Development and Debugging

For developers or users interested in understanding the extension's internal workings, console logs are available for debugging. To view these logs:

- Open the Developer Tools on the page where the extension is used.
- Switch to the Console tab to view the logs generated by the extension.

## Feedback and Contributions

Feedback and contributions to the Table Data Selector are always welcome. Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on the repository.